people are hissing at 80 hd I hope that
you are doing something else in this way
for christmas vidot on the chain a
new review we go to detox review
bbva so we start with the pistolero
louis soares team version of the season
you have statins and who expects to
other fashion shows I invite you to
pause or challenge
back to better observe at the level of
team
I played them in three teams
different then there you are loire
it's the team that I found
was really the best alone in
tip but otherwise I also played them at
two scorers and hasten it and that's
really single in tip that I find
that he's the best at these
range between 1 million 500 thousand and
2 million 400 thousand on xbox 3 million
hundred thousand 4 million 700 thousand on
playstation and your super expensive but that's it
we talk about a player still at 96.2
general it's after messi and ronaldo
this is the player with robben totti he
Here are some of the best players
of the game behind the messiah and the
cristiano ronaldo in their different
versions so that's it's one of
monsters the game is really very very
good and
there are still some improvements
compared to version 2d of a form
this is the 93.2 general version because
I did the review there is still
a lot of improvements we feel
improve your shots and
this is the only flaw I found at
louis soares so it's not in the
negative points etc
but still have to specify it on the
most of the games I did with
I felt a kind of script then
I do not know paranoia or anything else
really felt one finally when I
playing with I really struggled
especially in fact already the guards the
most guards were transformed
monsters mode ie that
I scored a lot of goals with
I could have noticed a lot more
because I came across guards
coming out of the stops that caen since
the beginning tifa I had no limit not seen
stuff like that and it's true that
it was quite disturbing and there are
moments where I came across a
match for example or not there was a
fellaini in front of ballous fellaini
catch up with him suarez at the level of the
speed and so it's clear that time
in time it still poses a lot of
problems bah to play with such
player also the teams with whom
I found that I was doing it
rebalance I still had
a lot of all in the teams so
we will now move to the positive point
because that's what interests us the
more so at the level of kicks
arrested the penalties 97 years penalty
free kicks 80 18 years precision of
free kicks with 1.99 in effect and 1.96
in hitting power the free kicks
far away with it's just perfect already
old versions of the evening and
I really liked the costs
free kicks with him so there with
stats like you can not imagine what
point it's monstrous the strikes I
all encompass because here's 99 in
finish 99 indeed 97 soar 98 in 93
cut with 1.96 in hitting power
well here's what the keys strikes her
very very good with him you can score
from just about any position
although as I mentioned
previously I felt a kind of
script at the level of the strikes
this is not the strike that started badly this
are the guards who made the
let's get there at the right time I say that we
sees the guardian who is there there are
moments when the gardians became
guards of fifa 15
but it's true that from time to time that
pose is still a lot of problems
technical mans 99 in dribbling game
with the 4 stars technical gesture it is
madness
physically it's a tank here 90 in
strength
96 in agility 82 years relaxing he takes
balloon head he has a good
accuracy in the air
besides, I put them in their own
positive are the aerial games
although it's true that I struggled
take balloons of the head with him
usually when I took balloons
of the head with it was really that
did not go far I even set a goal of
the head
good is not necessarily goal or the guy is
relax but here's 98 head pressure
the stat is there at the physical level
here is 90 in strength at the shoulder he is
just he's tracking down complicated I'm there
really like very much about his
legs despite his stats in balance
quite weak 67 in balance but a little
like all players ie from
this game all the big players of this game
we'll say he has some sort of
vis that is to say that when he leaves himself
fall is to get powers
faults well placed jordi free kick
or good penaltys it's true that I
obtained late on penalty with but the
few times when it fell it was this to
what 99 years always positioning my
place and always makes the good call in
the depth is really perfect
with this type of player the four
star bad foot tall advantage
to have a scorer who can strike foot
left or right foot there really is
no difference with and so that by little
almost all evening and the level
pass quality obviously 92 years
pass on the map
I made two assists there are
has a capacity account and after that it's
true it's not necessarily a pass
but I count limits as a
goes from here but it's only at the level of
passes of he is able to make of
very very nice openings I think
especially to the goals will you have seen him the
purpose the species goes deep for
cuadrado he finds you passes of
time it's just crazy so there
you have the balance of the evening bed stoxx
in front of your eyes
so at the level of the positive points the
kicks stopped free kicks
the penaltys here is perfect typing
Finish 99 finish longshot flap
I can strike from any
position with him the speed I have not
spoken but already the suarez laugh me
I think he's going super fast
but then there with 1.92 in speed on
the card is just past it's
anything when you do not do
scripted of course physically
very impressive the controls of
ball the head game 81 18 years precision
of the head the four stars but the
feet positioning always well placed
very easy to find on the ground his
pass quality that is really
amazing the four stars gestures
techniques technically it's a treat
and finally the punching power is
true that I hit me
normally it's in but that's what
the power is there and so the stats
with the suarez 8 games 16 goals from
bad luck of the two very good stats but
it's true that I find these stats
have been skewed in relation to
guards who turned themselves into fashion
monster face him and so necessarily if
you have the credits do not hesitate
not to take it because it's
always need to play with
such players had fatma theater in
hd for the review of luis suarez version
team of the season I hope this
review you enjoyed tomorrow new review
that of rahm s rodrigues version toth
maybe there will be parwan todd
if I can buy one because
it's true that yesterday when I looked
it was quite complicated to find on the
market hoping that we are very much
more so tomorrow rundown on and maybe
not good
thot also in the day stéphane may
Hd 80 I say to the next
people take care of you by thomas